Update nokogiri to 1.10.4 (#257)
tomeshnet/tomesh.net: _timeline/2018-07-13-state-of-our-networks-2018.md

title: State of Our Networks 2018
date: 2018-07-13
---

> Members helped organize the second [State of Our Networks](https://ournetworks.ca/2018) in Toronto, with the theme of _Beyond DIY: Do It With Others_. Toronto Mesh members [streamed the conference over IPFS](https://github.com/tomeshnet/ipfs-live-streaming). [Recorded videos](https://ournetworks.ca/2018) of the talks archived on [IPFS](https://2018.ournetworks.ca/conference/recorded-talks/) and [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLx7_J32Ys60ey2bgSn2soAoBy0v9bBUbT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members helped organize the second [State of Our Networks](https://2018.ournetworks.ca) in Toronto, with the theme of _Beyond DIY: Do It With Others_. Toronto Mesh members [streamed the conference over IPFS](https://github.com/tomeshnet/ipfs-live-streaming). [Recorded videos of the talks](https://2018.ournetworks.ca/conference/recorded-talks/) are archived on IPFS, Internet Archive, and YouTube.
```
